---
layout: post
title: "intro"
description: ""
category: 
tags: [jekyll,design,layout,html,css,javascript,jquery,rails,angularjs,trello,heroku,dokku,ember]
---
Scen.ic is something I'm looking to build as my final project for General Assembly, but also  to document along the way. Its a hiking app for hikers to use in finding and creating trails. It will be built initially and primarily with Rails and Angularjs, but it is something I'm looking to also rebuild with other frameworks for comparison purposes. I've started a trello board for it here

<a href="https://trello.com/b/HPYrTRYj/scen-ic">https://trello.com/b/HPYrTRYj/scen-ic</a>

First task has been to setup this Jekyll blog, and then I'll be looking at wireframing, a model diagram, and a user journey, though I will be creating a 'static site' rather than wireframing per se. Users will fall into 4 categories, non-logged-in users, logged-in users, trail owners, and administrators.

Non-logged-in users should be able to browse trails from the index page, and search via the map page

Logged-in users should be able to do the same, plus bookmark trails, rate trails and mark trails as completed. They should also be able to upload their own trails (with gpx data), and upload photos, both to their own trails and to others trails. They will also have their own profile page, detailing trails they have created and also trails they have completed. They should also be able to leave comments on other trails.

Trail Owners will have admin rights over trails they have created, and will be able to allow/deny photos uploaded by others to their trail, and (possibly) delete their own trail (havent decided about this one yet!)

Site Admins will be able to delete photos, trails and users.



